# OS-Assignment
Statement: Sudesh Sharma is a Linux expert who wants to have an online system where he can handle student queries. Since there can be multiple requests at any time he wishes to dedicate a fixed amount of time to every request so that everyone gets a fair share of his time. He will log into the system from 10am to 12am only. He wants to have separate requests queues for students and faculty. Implement a strategy for the same. The summary at the end of the session should include the total time he spent on handling queries and average query time.

Description: The question given is based upon the solving queries of persons that belongs to different classes i.e. Faculty members and Students in institution. Thus, in terms of operating system these queries can be compared to different kinds of processes where each and every process has its own demands and needs resources and time for its execution. And this whole demands of processes are handled by the CPU. In the scenario that is given, Mr. Sudesh Sharma, Linux expert, can be considered as a CPU, who solves all the queries of either Faculty member or Student by allocating proper resources to their individual demands and processing.them by allocating required time accordingly. Now, Mr. Sharma, wants to give priority for each query that is based upon its class, as well as wants to dedicate a ample amount of time for every request. Thus in OS, the requests can be divided into two separate.queues i.e. Faculty members and Student. So that the 1st queue contains faculty queries that has higher priority to them and the second contains student queries which has priority after the Faculty queries, then he can resolve the.query, by providing them required resources that is based upon their priorities as done in.the scheduling algorithm in operating systems.
